README.md, before:

# RIJ BizHawk Shuffler
With additional plugins by [Retro Indie Josh](retroindiejosh.itch.io)

## TODO - chat-swap
- visual indicator "LOCKED" when in lockdown

## Ideas
- swap to a specific game (is this possible?), like !swap Mega Man 2
- prettier transitions for messages on screen (Josh's Countdown, swapper name for YouTube swap)
- stats tracking for YouTube swap, like # of swaps per viewer
- link to YouTube API so we can tell users when they need to donate more to unlock commands
- add minimum required donation to youtube-chat commands
- combine extra_life and chat_logger to run together since they're dependent
    - only one yaml to configure, we can have top-level extra-life and youtube keys

## Original Bizhawk Shuffler 2
* written by authorblues, inspired by [Brossentia's Bizhawk Shuffler](https://github.com/brossentia/BizHawk-Shuffler), based on slowbeef's original project
* [tested on Bizhawk v2.6.3-v2.10](https://github.com/TASVideos/BizHawk/releases/)  
* [click here to download the latest version](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

## Additional Resources
* **[Setup Instructions](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Setup-Instructions)**
* [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) - important info!
* [How to shuffle games with multiple discs](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Multi-disc-games)
* [How to Create a Shuffler Plugin](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/How-to-Create-a-Shuffler-Plugin)

Commit message:

Use yaml to configure chat options, add !ban/!unban and !lock/!unlock commands

README.md, after:

# RIJ BizHawk Shuffler
With additional plugins by [Retro Indie Josh](retroindiejosh.itch.io)

## TODO - chat-swap
- visual indicator "LOCKED" when in lockdown

## Ideas
- swap to a specific game (is this possible?), like !swap Mega Man 2
- prettier transitions for messages on screen (Josh's Countdown, swapper name for YouTube swap)
- stats tracking for YouTube swap, like # of swaps per viewer
- link to YouTube API so we can tell users when they need to donate more to unlock commands
- add minimum required donation to youtube-chat commands

- regularly update the extra_life output (run alongside chat logger in infinite loop?)
- combine extra_life and chat_logger to run together since they're dependent
    - only one yaml to configure, we can have top-level extra-life and youtube keys

## Original Bizhawk Shuffler 2
* written by authorblues, inspired by [Brossentia's Bizhawk Shuffler](https://github.com/brossentia/BizHawk-Shuffler), based on slowbeef's original project
* [tested on Bizhawk v2.6.3-v2.10](https://github.com/TASVideos/BizHawk/releases/)  
* [click here to download the latest version](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

## Additional Resources
* **[Setup Instructions](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Setup-Instructions)**
* [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions) - important info!
* [How to shuffle games with multiple discs](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/Multi-disc-games)
* [How to Create a Shuffler Plugin](https://github.com/authorblues/bizhawk-shuffler-2/wiki/How-to-Create-a-Shuffler-Plugin)
